ctypes News - http://starship.python.net/crew/theller/ctypes.html

Version 0.9.1

    Array and POINTER instance now support slicing, for POINTER only
    getslice is implemented (setslice is too dangerous, probably).
    Slices are accepted or returned as lists of the elements, except
    for character and unicode character pointer and arrays, where
    strings resp. unicode strings are used - much more convenient.

Other Versions: no news recorded in this file!

Version 0.4.0, 2003-02-07:

    This an intermediate release, there is still a lot to be done.

    Changes:

        ctypes works with Python 2.2 and Python 2.3 now.

	Structure and Union fields have now readonly .size and .offset
	properties, see the docs.

	POINTER instances can now be indexed as if they point to arrays
	of objects instead of only a single object.

	CFunction instances now have a .from_param class method.
	(This is the protocol which allows to validate and convert
	function call arguments from Python to C - in other words, you
	can now use a CFunction subclass in the argtype attribute for
	a function from a DLL to specify the type of the callback
	function.  Does anyone understand this?)

	Argument conversion from Python to C is somewhat faster now.

	I added a lot of unittests, which not only check for bugs,
	but also 'describe the current behaviour'.  Unittest rocks!
	
    Lots and lots of bugs and potential crashes have been fixed:

	Alignment and sizes of structures and unions is now correct as
	far as I can see.

	Assigning Python numbers to mutable integer types (c_short,
	c_int, c_long and so on) now correctly checks for valid range,
	you can no longer assign a negative Python number to an unsigned
	C data type for example.

    General News:

	I moved the sources from local CVS to SourceForge CVS
	repository.


Version 0.3.5, 2003-01-14:

	Runs under linux now, and hopefully also other systems where
	libffi works.

	More changes, like enabling the Python garbage collector on
	CFunction objects.

Version 0.2.0, 2002-11-12:

	Allows to assign callables to functions' restype attribute.
	Refactored _CallProc, for much clearer and less buggy code.
	Plugged some gross memory leaks.

	License is MIT, not BSD.
